Sign In Register PITTSBURGH (AP) — President Joe Biden on Sunday marked the sixth anniversary of a gunman's deadly attack on a Pittsburgh synagogue and called out what he called an “appalling surge of antisemitism” amid the war in Gaza. The 2018 attack claimed the lives of 11 worshippers from Dor Hadash, New Light and Tree of Life congregations, which shared space in the synagogue in Squirrel Hill, the heart of Pittsburgh’s Jewish community. Two worshippers and five responding police officers were also injured in the attack, the deadliest act of antisemitism in U.S. history.  Biden said in a statement that the attack “shattered families, pierced the heart of the Jewish community, and struck the soul of our nation.” But he said that in the years since, the Jewish community “has also shown the country how to courageously turn pain into purpose” launching “a global initiative to counter hate and hate-fueled violence.”  Biden noted that the remembrance of the Pittsburgh synagogue attack comes weeks after the anniversary of the Oct. 7 attack in Israel “during which Hamas killed more than 1,200 people, took another 250 hostage and committed horrific acts of sexual assault.”  He said the trauma and losses of Oct. 7 are made worse by “the appalling surge of antisemitism against Jews in America and around the world.” The attack sparked a war between Israel and the militant group Hamas and has resulted in widespread destruction and civilian deaths in Gaza. Biden said his administration was implementing a national strategy to counter antisemitism, including securing $1.2 billion for security of nonprofits such as synagogues and Jewish community centers and day schools. He also cited the Justice Department's investigation and prosecution of antisemitic hate crimes and said his administration had “put colleges on notice that antisemitism is discrimination” and barred under laws protecting civil rights. Vice President Kamala Harris also cited a rise in antisemitism in a statement marking the anniversary of the Pittsburgh attack. “I will always work to ensure the safety and security of Jewish people in the United States and around the world, and will always call out antisemitism whenever and wherever we see it,” she said.  The Pittsburgh attacker was sentenced to death last year after being convicted on 63 counts, including hate crimes resulting in death.  In June, ground was broken for a new complex on the Pittsburgh site that is to include a cultural center, sanctuary, educational center and museum along with a memorial to the slain worshipers from three congregations.  —- This story has been corrected to show that anniversary is Sunday. The Associated Press © 2024 Times Colonist

Sign In Register PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Kamala Harris said Sunday that “no one can sit on the sidelines” in this year's presidential election, capping a day of campaigning across the largest city in the crucial battleground state of Pennsylvania. “We are focused on the future and we are focused on the needs of the American people," Harris said, "as opposed to Donald Trump, who spends full time looking in the mirror focused on himself.” Speaking at a city recreation center, the Democratic vice president singled out young voters, praising them for being “rightly impatient for change," and told the audience that “there is too much at stake” in the campaign.  “We must not wake up the day after the election and have any regret about what we could have done in these next nine days," Harris said.  Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle, two actors who starred in Marvel's “Avengers” movies, were at the rally. Harris reminded the crowd that Pennsylvania's deadline for early voting is Tuesday, telling them to “get it done tomorrow if you can.” Energizing voters in Philadelphia, a traditional Democratic stronghold, is crucial for Harris’ chances of beating Republican nominee Donald Trump. If turnout falls short here, she’ll struggle to overcome Trump’s advantages in Pennsylvania’s rural areas.  “Philadelphia is a very important part of our path to victory,” Harris told reporters. “It’s the reason I have been spending time here. But I’m feeling very optimistic about the enthusiasm.” Kenny Payne, 62, said Harris is going to win and “it won’t be close.” The Democratic voter said he plays golf with a group of Republicans who say they won’t vote for Trump again.  “I think we’ll all be in bed by midnight,” he said outside the recreation center where Harris spoke.  Patrick Boe, 46, said he was confident about the city's enthusiasm for Harris, but he acknowledged that his view may be skewed.  “I’m in a bubble here,” Boe said.  Randyll Butler, a youth basketball coach who introduced Harris, said the election was in the “fourth quarter.” “We cannot get tired," she said. "We cannot get complacent.” The Democratic coalition relies on voters of color, and Harris’ itinerary on Sunday reflected that focus. She began the day with the Black congregation at the Church of Christian Compassion, where she said the United States is “determined to turn the page on hatred and division.” Harris drew on the story of the Apostle Paul, who overcame difficulties to spread the word of Jesus. “In hard times when we may grow weary in doing good, we must remember the power that works within us, the divine power that transformed Paul’s life, guided him through shipwreck and sustained him through trials,” Harris said. W. Lonnie Herndon, the church’s senior pastor, introduced Harris as “the voice of the future” and followed her remarks with a sermon about compassion and how “strong people never put others down, they lift them up.” “We are going to get out and vote,” he said as Harris listened from her seat in the front row. “And let me be crystal clear. We are not electing a pastor. We are electing a president that will deal with these divided United States, bring us back together.” Her next stop was Philly Cuts, a barbershop in West Philadelphia. Pennsylvania state Rep. Jordan Harris moderated a conversation with Harris and Black men about improving racial representation in education. A poster of Barack Obama, the first Black president, was on the wall. “We don’t pay teachers enough,” said Harris, who would be the second Black president and the first female president, if elected. “ Student loan debt is an issue.” Outside the shop, people stood on stoops and lined the sidewalks in hopes of catching a glimpse of Harris. “The MVP of the White House!” someone shouted.  Harris visited nearby Hakim’s Bookstore, which specializes in African American history. “It’s beautiful. It’s just so beautiful,” she said and asked to see good books for 6- and 8-year-old children, the same ages as her nieces. Harris joked about her weight with Ann Hughes, the mother of Pennsylvania state Sen. Vincent Hughes. “They’re working me to the bone,” she said. After leaving the bookstore, Harris headed to a Puerto Rican restaurant named Freddy and Tony’s, where she thanked volunteers and told them “we are going to win.” She also met with youth basketball players at the Alan Horowitz “Sixth Man” Center. The coach said the players are “student first, athlete second.” Harris told them to “think of your brain as a muscle and when you exercise it, it gets stronger.”  Harris has tried to keep the focus on abortion rights in the closing stretch of the campaign, including during appearances with Beyoncé and Michelle Obama. In an interview with CBS News that aired Sunday, Harris declined to say whether she would support any restrictions on abortion, emphasizing the need to restore Roe v. Wade. “It is that basic,” Harris said. The nationwide right to abortion was overturned two years ago by the conservative majority on the Supreme Court that included three justices nominated by Trump while president. “My first priority is to put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening around our country,” Harris said. She also brushed off Trump’s claim that he would not sign a national abortion ban if elected. “He says everything, come on,” Harris said. “Are we really taking his word for it?” Harris and Tim Walz, the Minnesota governor who is her running mate, are expected to visit all seven battleground states in the coming days, part of a final blitz before the election. While Harris was in Philadelphia on Sunday, Walz was campaigning in Las Vegas. On Monday, Walz will visit Manitowoc and Waukesha, Wisconsin, before joining Harris for a rally in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where the singer Maggie Rogers is scheduled to perform.  Harris will be in the nation's capital on Tuesday to deliver what her campaign calls her “closing argument” in a speech from the Ellipse, a grassy space near the White House. It's the same place where Trump spoke on Jan. 6, 2021, when the Republican called on his supporters to march on the Capitol. More campaign stops are scheduled in Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada and Arizona.  ___ Megerian reported from Washington. Darlene Superville, Maryclaire Dale And Chris Megerian, The Associated Press © 2024 Burnaby Now

Sign In Register PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Kamala Harris said Sunday that “no one can sit on the sidelines” in this year's presidential election, capping a day of campaigning across the largest city in the crucial battleground state of Pennsylvania. “We are focused on the future and we are focused on the needs of the American people," Harris said, "as opposed to Donald Trump, who spends full time looking in the mirror focused on himself.” Speaking at a city recreation center, the Democratic vice president singled out young voters, praising them for being “rightly impatient for change," and told the audience that “there is too much at stake” in the campaign.  “We must not wake up the day after the election and have any regret about what we could have done in these next nine days," Harris said.  Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle, two actors who starred in Marvel's “Avengers” movies, were at the rally. Harris reminded the crowd that Pennsylvania's deadline for early voting is Tuesday, telling them to “get it done tomorrow if you can.” Energizing voters in Philadelphia, a traditional Democratic stronghold, is crucial for Harris’ chances of beating Republican nominee Donald Trump. If turnout falls short here, she’ll struggle to overcome Trump’s advantages in Pennsylvania’s rural areas.  “Philadelphia is a very important part of our path to victory,” Harris told reporters. “It’s the reason I have been spending time here. But I’m feeling very optimistic about the enthusiasm.” Kenny Payne, 62, said Harris is going to win and “it won’t be close.” The Democratic voter said he plays golf with a group of Republicans who say they won’t vote for Trump again.  “I think we’ll all be in bed by midnight,” he said outside the recreation center where Harris spoke.  Patrick Boe, 46, said he was confident about the city's enthusiasm for Harris, but he acknowledged that his view may be skewed.  “I’m in a bubble here,” Boe said.  Randyll Butler, a youth basketball coach who introduced Harris, said the election was in the “fourth quarter.” “We cannot get tired," she said. "We cannot get complacent.” The Democratic coalition relies on voters of color, and Harris’ itinerary on Sunday reflected that focus. She began the day with the Black congregation at the Church of Christian Compassion, where she said the United States is “determined to turn the page on hatred and division.” Harris drew on the story of the Apostle Paul, who overcame difficulties to spread the word of Jesus. “In hard times when we may grow weary in doing good, we must remember the power that works within us, the divine power that transformed Paul’s life, guided him through shipwreck and sustained him through trials,” Harris said. W. Lonnie Herndon, the church’s senior pastor, introduced Harris as “the voice of the future” and followed her remarks with a sermon about compassion and how “strong people never put others down, they lift them up.” “We are going to get out and vote,” he said as Harris listened from her seat in the front row. “And let me be crystal clear. We are not electing a pastor. We are electing a president that will deal with these divided United States, bring us back together.” Her next stop was Philly Cuts, a barbershop in West Philadelphia. Pennsylvania state Rep. Jordan Harris moderated a conversation with Harris and Black men about improving racial representation in education. A poster of Barack Obama, the first Black president, was on the wall. “We don’t pay teachers enough,” said Harris, who would be the second Black president and the first female president, if elected. “ Student loan debt is an issue.” Outside the shop, people stood on stoops and lined the sidewalks in hopes of catching a glimpse of Harris. “The MVP of the White House!” someone shouted.  Harris visited nearby Hakim’s Bookstore, which specializes in African American history. “It’s beautiful. It’s just so beautiful,” she said and asked to see good books for 6- and 8-year-old children, the same ages as her nieces. Harris joked about her weight with Ann Hughes, the mother of Pennsylvania state Sen. Vincent Hughes. “They’re working me to the bone,” she said. After leaving the bookstore, Harris headed to a Puerto Rican restaurant named Freddy and Tony’s, where she thanked volunteers and told them “we are going to win.” She also met with youth basketball players at the Alan Horowitz “Sixth Man” Center. The coach said the players are “student first, athlete second.” Harris told them to “think of your brain as a muscle and when you exercise it, it gets stronger.”  Harris has tried to keep the focus on abortion rights in the closing stretch of the campaign, including during appearances with Beyoncé and Michelle Obama. In an interview with CBS News that aired Sunday, Harris declined to say whether she would support any restrictions on abortion, emphasizing the need to restore Roe v. Wade. “It is that basic,” Harris said. The nationwide right to abortion was overturned two years ago by the conservative majority on the Supreme Court that included three justices nominated by Trump while president. “My first priority is to put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening around our country,” Harris said. She also brushed off Trump’s claim that he would not sign a national abortion ban if elected. “He says everything, come on,” Harris said. “Are we really taking his word for it?” Harris and Tim Walz, the Minnesota governor who is her running mate, are expected to visit all seven battleground states in the coming days, part of a final blitz before the election. While Harris was in Philadelphia on Sunday, Walz was campaigning in Las Vegas. On Monday, Walz will visit Manitowoc and Waukesha, Wisconsin, before joining Harris for a rally in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where the singer Maggie Rogers is scheduled to perform.  Harris will be in the nation's capital on Tuesday to deliver what her campaign calls her “closing argument” in a speech from the Ellipse, a grassy space near the White House. It's the same place where Trump spoke on Jan. 6, 2021, when the Republican called on his supporters to march on the Capitol. More campaign stops are scheduled in Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada and Arizona.  ___ Megerian reported from Washington. Darlene Superville, Maryclaire Dale And Chris Megerian, The Associated Press © 2024 Richmond News

Sign In Register PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Kamala Harris said Sunday that “no one can sit on the sidelines” in this year's presidential election, capping a day of campaigning across the largest city in the crucial battleground state of Pennsylvania. “We are focused on the future and we are focused on the needs of the American people," Harris said, "as opposed to Donald Trump, who spends full time looking in the mirror focused on himself.” Speaking at a city recreation center, the Democratic vice president singled out young voters, praising them for being “rightly impatient for change," and told the audience that “there is too much at stake” in the campaign.  “We must not wake up the day after the election and have any regret about what we could have done in these next nine days," Harris said.  Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle, two actors who starred in Marvel's “Avengers” movies, were at the rally. Harris reminded the crowd that Pennsylvania's deadline for early voting is Tuesday, telling them to “get it done tomorrow if you can.” Energizing voters in Philadelphia, a traditional Democratic stronghold, is crucial for Harris’ chances of beating Republican nominee Donald Trump. If turnout falls short here, she’ll struggle to overcome Trump’s advantages in Pennsylvania’s rural areas.  “Philadelphia is a very important part of our path to victory,” Harris told reporters. “It’s the reason I have been spending time here. But I’m feeling very optimistic about the enthusiasm.” Kenny Payne, 62, said Harris is going to win and “it won’t be close.” The Democratic voter said he plays golf with a group of Republicans who say they won’t vote for Trump again.  “I think we’ll all be in bed by midnight,” he said outside the recreation center where Harris spoke.  Patrick Boe, 46, said he was confident about the city's enthusiasm for Harris, but he acknowledged that his view may be skewed.  “I’m in a bubble here,” Boe said.  Randyll Butler, a youth basketball coach who introduced Harris, said the election was in the “fourth quarter.” “We cannot get tired," she said. "We cannot get complacent.” The Democratic coalition relies on voters of color, and Harris’ itinerary on Sunday reflected that focus. She began the day with the Black congregation at the Church of Christian Compassion, where she said the United States is “determined to turn the page on hatred and division.” Harris drew on the story of the Apostle Paul, who overcame difficulties to spread the word of Jesus. “In hard times when we may grow weary in doing good, we must remember the power that works within us, the divine power that transformed Paul’s life, guided him through shipwreck and sustained him through trials,” Harris said. W. Lonnie Herndon, the church’s senior pastor, introduced Harris as “the voice of the future” and followed her remarks with a sermon about compassion and how “strong people never put others down, they lift them up.” “We are going to get out and vote,” he said as Harris listened from her seat in the front row. “And let me be crystal clear. We are not electing a pastor. We are electing a president that will deal with these divided United States, bring us back together.” Her next stop was Philly Cuts, a barbershop in West Philadelphia. Pennsylvania state Rep. Jordan Harris moderated a conversation with Harris and Black men about improving racial representation in education. A poster of Barack Obama, the first Black president, was on the wall. “We don’t pay teachers enough,” said Harris, who would be the second Black president and the first female president, if elected. “ Student loan debt is an issue.” Outside the shop, people stood on stoops and lined the sidewalks in hopes of catching a glimpse of Harris. “The MVP of the White House!” someone shouted.  Harris visited nearby Hakim’s Bookstore, which specializes in African American history. “It’s beautiful. It’s just so beautiful,” she said and asked to see good books for 6- and 8-year-old children, the same ages as her nieces. Harris joked about her weight with Ann Hughes, the mother of Pennsylvania state Sen. Vincent Hughes. “They’re working me to the bone,” she said. After leaving the bookstore, Harris headed to a Puerto Rican restaurant named Freddy and Tony’s, where she thanked volunteers and told them “we are going to win.” She also met with youth basketball players at the Alan Horowitz “Sixth Man” Center. The coach said the players are “student first, athlete second.” Harris told them to “think of your brain as a muscle and when you exercise it, it gets stronger.”  Harris has tried to keep the focus on abortion rights in the closing stretch of the campaign, including during appearances with Beyoncé and Michelle Obama. In an interview with CBS News that aired Sunday, Harris declined to say whether she would support any restrictions on abortion, emphasizing the need to restore Roe v. Wade. “It is that basic,” Harris said. The nationwide right to abortion was overturned two years ago by the conservative majority on the Supreme Court that included three justices nominated by Trump while president. “My first priority is to put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening around our country,” Harris said. She also brushed off Trump’s claim that he would not sign a national abortion ban if elected. “He says everything, come on,” Harris said. “Are we really taking his word for it?” Harris and Tim Walz, the Minnesota governor who is her running mate, are expected to visit all seven battleground states in the coming days, part of a final blitz before the election. While Harris was in Philadelphia on Sunday, Walz was campaigning in Las Vegas. On Monday, Walz will visit Manitowoc and Waukesha, Wisconsin, before joining Harris for a rally in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where the singer Maggie Rogers is scheduled to perform.  Harris will be in the nation's capital on Tuesday to deliver what her campaign calls her “closing argument” in a speech from the Ellipse, a grassy space near the White House. It's the same place where Trump spoke on Jan. 6, 2021, when the Republican called on his supporters to march on the Capitol. More campaign stops are scheduled in Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada and Arizona.  ___ Megerian reported from Washington. Darlene Superville, Maryclaire Dale And Chris Megerian, The Associated Press © 2024 North Shore News

Sign In Register WILMINGTON, Del. (AP) — Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance says Russia is a U.S. adversary but suggests it's counterproductive to approach Moscow as an enemy. The Ohio senator also said Donald Trump is committed to NATO, the transatlantic military alliance seen as the bulwark preventing further Russian aggression in Europe, although the former president has pledged to “finish the process we began under my administration of fundamentally reevaluating NATO’s purpose and NATO’s mission.” Vance, in a series of television interviews that aired Sunday, nine days before the election, made clear that Trump, if back in the White House, would press European members to spend more on defense and that their administration would work to quickly wind down Moscow's war in Ukraine that began in February 2022 when Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops across the border.  “We’re not in a war with him, and I don’t want to be in a war with Vladimir Putin’s Russia,” Vance said when pressed during an interview with NBC's “Meet the Press” on whether Russia is an enemy. Vance said "we have to be careful about the language that we use in international diplomacy. We can recognize, obviously, that we have adversarial interests with Russia." U.S. officials this past week confirmed that North Korea has sent 3,000 troops to Russia for training before potentially being deployed in Ukraine. U.S. officials say Russia has ramped up a disinformation campaign aimed at sowing distrust in the results in U.S. election on Nov. 5. Officials on Friday confirmed Moscow’s role in creating a video that appears to show the destruction of mail ballots in Pennsylvania, in what was the latest effort linked to Russia on spreading false information on social media.  Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris has argued that Trump is too cozy with Putin and that Trump's return to the White House would be calamitous for Ukraine and America's European allies. Vance was circumspect about supporting further sanctions against Russia, saying the Biden administration's use of the tool for Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been as effective as a “wet firecracker.” “I don’t think that we should overreact to anything. What we should do is encourage our fellow Americans to be careful,” Vance told CBS' “Face the Nation.” “Don’t trust everything that you see on social media. And of course, we should push back where appropriate. But that’s the big question is, what is an appropriate response to a country making social media videos? I’m not going to make a commitment to that sitting right here.”  Trump has boasted of having had an effective relationship with Putin when Trump was in office. The former president has praised the Russian leader, suggested cutting U.S. money for Ukraine and repeatedly criticized NATO. The former president has said he would not defend NATO members that failed to meet defense spending targets, and warned he would “encourage” Russia “to do whatever the hell they want” to alliance countries that he considered "delinquent.” Vance underscored that a Trump administration would continue to support NATO but that it would lean on Europe to increase defense spending. NATO announced in June that a record 23 of the 32 member nations were reaching the alliance’s defense spending target, 2% of GDP, this year. That's a nearly fourfold increase from 2021, when only six nations were meeting the goal.  “Of course, we’re going to honor our NATO commitments,” Vance said. “But I think it’s important ... that we recognize that NATO is not just a welfare client. It should be a real alliance.” Former Wyoming Rep. Liz Cheney, a prominent Republican critic of Trump who has endorsed Harris, said Trump’s approach to Putin demonstrates “a total lack of understanding of the importance of our allies in keeping the peace. Trump “talks about our allies as though he were a mafia boss,” Cheney said on CNN’s State of the Union. “He seems to completely fail to understand that, in order to keep peace, we have to have allies with us.” In the wide-ranging interviews, which included with CNN, Vance also played down recent comments by Trump about ending the federal income tax.  Trump said in a Fox News appearance last week “there is a way, if what I’m planning comes out” to do away with it. He told podcaster Joe Rogan on Friday that he was serious about replacing revenue the income tax by raising tariffs. Trump has pledged to also end taxes on tips, Social Security and overtime pay if elected. “He’s talking aspirationally about something that he himself thinks is less of a focus than cutting taxes on tips,” Vance said of Trump's call to eliminate the federal income tax. Aamer Madhani, The Associated Press © 2024 Richmond News

Sign In Register WILMINGTON, Del. (AP) — Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance says Russia is a U.S. adversary but suggests it's counterproductive to approach Moscow as an enemy. The Ohio senator also said Donald Trump is committed to NATO, the transatlantic military alliance seen as the bulwark preventing further Russian aggression in Europe, although the former president has pledged to “finish the process we began under my administration of fundamentally reevaluating NATO’s purpose and NATO’s mission.” Vance, in a series of television interviews that aired Sunday, nine days before the election, made clear that Trump, if back in the White House, would press European members to spend more on defense and that their administration would work to quickly wind down Moscow's war in Ukraine that began in February 2022 when Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops across the border.  “We’re not in a war with him, and I don’t want to be in a war with Vladimir Putin’s Russia,” Vance said when pressed during an interview with NBC's “Meet the Press” on whether Russia is an enemy. Vance said "we have to be careful about the language that we use in international diplomacy. We can recognize, obviously, that we have adversarial interests with Russia." U.S. officials this past week confirmed that North Korea has sent 3,000 troops to Russia for training before potentially being deployed in Ukraine. U.S. officials say Russia has ramped up a disinformation campaign aimed at sowing distrust in the results in U.S. election on Nov. 5. Officials on Friday confirmed Moscow’s role in creating a video that appears to show the destruction of mail ballots in Pennsylvania, in what was the latest effort linked to Russia on spreading false information on social media.  Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris has argued that Trump is too cozy with Putin and that Trump's return to the White House would be calamitous for Ukraine and America's European allies. Vance was circumspect about supporting further sanctions against Russia, saying the Biden administration's use of the tool for Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been as effective as a “wet firecracker.” “I don’t think that we should overreact to anything. What we should do is encourage our fellow Americans to be careful,” Vance told CBS' “Face the Nation.” “Don’t trust everything that you see on social media. And of course, we should push back where appropriate. But that’s the big question is, what is an appropriate response to a country making social media videos? I’m not going to make a commitment to that sitting right here.”  Trump has boasted of having had an effective relationship with Putin when Trump was in office. The former president has praised the Russian leader, suggested cutting U.S. money for Ukraine and repeatedly criticized NATO. The former president has said he would not defend NATO members that failed to meet defense spending targets, and warned he would “encourage” Russia “to do whatever the hell they want” to alliance countries that he considered "delinquent.” Vance underscored that a Trump administration would continue to support NATO but that it would lean on Europe to increase defense spending. NATO announced in June that a record 23 of the 32 member nations were reaching the alliance’s defense spending target, 2% of GDP, this year. That's a nearly fourfold increase from 2021, when only six nations were meeting the goal.  “Of course, we’re going to honor our NATO commitments,” Vance said. “But I think it’s important ... that we recognize that NATO is not just a welfare client. It should be a real alliance.” Former Wyoming Rep. Liz Cheney, a prominent Republican critic of Trump who has endorsed Harris, said Trump’s approach to Putin demonstrates “a total lack of understanding of the importance of our allies in keeping the peace. Trump “talks about our allies as though he were a mafia boss,” Cheney said on CNN’s State of the Union. “He seems to completely fail to understand that, in order to keep peace, we have to have allies with us.” In the wide-ranging interviews, which included with CNN, Vance also played down recent comments by Trump about ending the federal income tax.  Trump said in a Fox News appearance last week “there is a way, if what I’m planning comes out” to do away with it. He told podcaster Joe Rogan on Friday that he was serious about replacing revenue the income tax by raising tariffs. Trump has pledged to also end taxes on tips, Social Security and overtime pay if elected. “He’s talking aspirationally about something that he himself thinks is less of a focus than cutting taxes on tips,” Vance said of Trump's call to eliminate the federal income tax. Aamer Madhani, The Associated Press © 2024 Burnaby Now

Sign In Register WILMINGTON, Del. (AP) — Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance says Russia is a U.S. adversary but suggests it's counterproductive to approach Moscow as an enemy. The Ohio senator also said Donald Trump is committed to NATO, the transatlantic military alliance seen as the bulwark preventing further Russian aggression in Europe, although the former president has pledged to “finish the process we began under my administration of fundamentally reevaluating NATO’s purpose and NATO’s mission.” Vance, in a series of television interviews that aired Sunday, nine days before the election, made clear that Trump, if back in the White House, would press European members to spend more on defense and that their administration would work to quickly wind down Moscow's war in Ukraine that began in February 2022 when Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops across the border.  “We’re not in a war with him, and I don’t want to be in a war with Vladimir Putin’s Russia,” Vance said when pressed during an interview with NBC's “Meet the Press” on whether Russia is an enemy. Vance said "we have to be careful about the language that we use in international diplomacy. We can recognize, obviously, that we have adversarial interests with Russia." U.S. officials this past week confirmed that North Korea has sent 3,000 troops to Russia for training before potentially being deployed in Ukraine. U.S. officials say Russia has ramped up a disinformation campaign aimed at sowing distrust in the results in U.S. election on Nov. 5. Officials on Friday confirmed Moscow’s role in creating a video that appears to show the destruction of mail ballots in Pennsylvania, in what was the latest effort linked to Russia on spreading false information on social media.  Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris has argued that Trump is too cozy with Putin and that Trump's return to the White House would be calamitous for Ukraine and America's European allies. Vance was circumspect about supporting further sanctions against Russia, saying the Biden administration's use of the tool for Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been as effective as a “wet firecracker.” “I don’t think that we should overreact to anything. What we should do is encourage our fellow Americans to be careful,” Vance told CBS' “Face the Nation.” “Don’t trust everything that you see on social media. And of course, we should push back where appropriate. But that’s the big question is, what is an appropriate response to a country making social media videos? I’m not going to make a commitment to that sitting right here.”  Trump has boasted of having had an effective relationship with Putin when Trump was in office. The former president has praised the Russian leader, suggested cutting U.S. money for Ukraine and repeatedly criticized NATO. The former president has said he would not defend NATO members that failed to meet defense spending targets, and warned he would “encourage” Russia “to do whatever the hell they want” to alliance countries that he considered "delinquent.” Vance underscored that a Trump administration would continue to support NATO but that it would lean on Europe to increase defense spending. NATO announced in June that a record 23 of the 32 member nations were reaching the alliance’s defense spending target, 2% of GDP, this year. That's a nearly fourfold increase from 2021, when only six nations were meeting the goal.  “Of course, we’re going to honor our NATO commitments,” Vance said. “But I think it’s important ... that we recognize that NATO is not just a welfare client. It should be a real alliance.” Former Wyoming Rep. Liz Cheney, a prominent Republican critic of Trump who has endorsed Harris, said Trump’s approach to Putin demonstrates “a total lack of understanding of the importance of our allies in keeping the peace. Trump “talks about our allies as though he were a mafia boss,” Cheney said on CNN’s State of the Union. “He seems to completely fail to understand that, in order to keep peace, we have to have allies with us.” In the wide-ranging interviews, which included with CNN, Vance also played down recent comments by Trump about ending the federal income tax.  Trump said in a Fox News appearance last week “there is a way, if what I’m planning comes out” to do away with it. He told podcaster Joe Rogan on Friday that he was serious about replacing revenue the income tax by raising tariffs. Trump has pledged to also end taxes on tips, Social Security and overtime pay if elected. “He’s talking aspirationally about something that he himself thinks is less of a focus than cutting taxes on tips,” Vance said of Trump's call to eliminate the federal income tax. Aamer Madhani, The Associated Press © 2024 North Shore News

 403

Donald Trump is not a fascist, New York’s Democratic mayor has said, in a dig at Kamala Harris ahead of the former president’s rally at Madison Square Garden. Eric Adams defended Trump against claims made by his former White House chief of staff, General John Kelly, and repeated by Ms Harris. “My answer is no, I know what Hitler has done and I know what a fascist regime looks like,” Mr Adams said, adding: “I think we can all dial down the temperature.” The New York mayor was speaking at a press conference where the city’s officials outlined the “heavy” police and security presence to ensure the safety of those attending Sunday’s rally at the city’s famous arena. This week, Ms Harris said she agreed that her Republican opponent “is a fascist” after his longest-serving chief of staff claimed he had witnessed him repeatedly praising Adolf Hitler while in office. Gen Kelly claimed in an interview with The New York Times that Trump had argued Hitler “did some good things” including rebuilding the German economy, a claim the former president dismissed as a “made-up story”. The retired Marine Corps general used his intervention weeks before the presidential election to warn voters his former boss met the definition of a fascist and had placed personal loyalty above the US Constitution. Ms Harris highlighted the claims in her CNN town hall on Wednesday night, where she was asked if she thought Trump was a fascist and replied: “Yes”. Democrat ally Hillary Clinton also used Trump’s appearance in Manhattan’s iconic arena on Sunday to claim the Republican was attempting to “re-enact” a Nazi rally held there in 1939. But the city’s Democratic mayor said he “strongly” disagreed with anyone suggesting the rally should not proceed. “I think it’s important that we allow individuals to exercise their right to get their message clear to New Yorkers,” Mr Adams said. It is not the first time the embattled mayor, who has been indicted on federal corruption charges, has staked out common ground with Trump. Like the Republican candidate, Mr Adams has claimed the charges against him are retaliation for his criticisms of the Biden administration. The mayor has previously criticised Joe Biden’s handling of the migrant crisis, arguing it would “destroy” his city. Former President Trump held a rally at New York's Madison Square Garden. ABC News' Rachel Scott reports. The 26-year-old woman faces three felony charges after the Oct. 25 shooting Madison Square Garden arena was transformed into a sea of MAGA hats as Republican candidate Donald Trump returned to New York City to host a campaign rally. Midtown had been brought to a standstill shut down as throngs of supporters descended on New York City in the hope of seeing the former president take to the stage for his most controversial rally yet. The billionaire Shark Tank investor says Trump “poses a threat,” noting the former president wants to use the military on “the enemy within” Do you want your children to commit sexual abuse like Donald Trump? Tell lies that endanger elections and court officials? Commit fraud? "This devastated them, and there has been an atmosphere ever since," the teen wrote on Reddit of her stepsiblings' reaction Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) joined ABC’s “This Week,” where he rejected the claims that former President Trump is a fascist, saying the country needs to look at his record, not the rhetoric. Graham was asked about retired Gen. John Kelly’s recent claim that Trump “falls into the general definition” of fascist. Kelly served in the Department of… Former President Trump on Sunday held a rally at Madison Square Garden, kicking off the final full week of campaigning in the heart of Manhattan. The Trump campaign trotted out a number of high profile speakers to excite the crowd. And while Trump is unlikely to be competitive in New York on Election Day, the… Vice President Kamala Harris campaigns in Pennsylvania with nine days to go until the election. Kamala Harris is betting voters can hear two messages at once, but she is leaning hard into anti-Trump attacks in the final weeks before Election Day. The world’s richest man promises big spending cuts if Trump gives him a job, says people “taking advantage of government are going to be upset” Vice President says she views Republican rival as ‘fascist’ and calls him ‘unstable’ and ‘unhinged’ Former President Trump is kicking off his final campaign blitz ahead of Election Day with a Sunday rally at Madison Square Garden, trotting out big-name guest stars at the New York City venue known as “The World’s Most Famous Arena.” The event is expected to draw thousands to the center of deep-blue Manhattan. The Trump… Donald Trump has weighed in on the “Sleepy Joe” debate with a suggestion that Joe Biden’s historic brain surgeries are the reason behind his fragile image. The republican nominee—who dates similarly to Biden’s 81 years of age at 78 himself—made it clear that age wasn’t an issue in the hunt for a “sharp” president. “We have idiots that are negotiating for us. We have a guy that doesn‘t make it past four o’clock, and it‘s not because of age,” he told Joe Rogan on the latter’s podcast. Days ahead of Election Day, thousands of Trump supporters from across the country flocked to New York to attend his Madison Square Garden rally CNN’s Manu Raju takes a look at the critical Senate race in Wisconsin between Sen. Tammy Baldwin and GOP opponent, businessman Eric Hovde. It is reported the Republican candidates' phones may have been among the targets of a broader cyber attack. The birds had been at large for six days. Former president held a large rally in the heart of his hometown just nine days before Election Day A speaker at former President Trump’s Madison Square Garden rally on Sunday spent a portion of his time attacking Puerto Rico, drawing backlash from Democrats and the Harris campaign. Comedian Tony Hinchcliffe, who goes by Kill Tony, delivered a set to the crowd ahead of the former president’s speech. “There’s a lot going on. Like,…

Sign In Register PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Kamala Harris said Sunday that “no one can sit on the sidelines” in this year's presidential election, capping a day of campaigning across the largest city in the crucial battleground state of Pennsylvania. “We are focused on the future and we are focused on the needs of the American people," Harris said, "as opposed to Donald Trump, who spends full time looking in the mirror focused on himself.” Speaking at a city recreation center, the Democratic vice president singled out young voters, praising them for being “rightly impatient for change," and told the audience that “there is too much at stake” in the campaign.  “We must not wake up the day after the election and have any regret about what we could have done in these next nine days," Harris said.  Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle, two actors who starred in Marvel's “Avengers” movies, were at the rally. Harris reminded the crowd that Pennsylvania's deadline for early voting is Tuesday, telling them to “get it done tomorrow if you can.” Energizing voters in Philadelphia, a traditional Democratic stronghold, is crucial for Harris’ chances of beating Republican nominee Donald Trump. If turnout falls short here, she’ll struggle to overcome Trump’s advantages in Pennsylvania’s rural areas.  “Philadelphia is a very important part of our path to victory,” Harris told reporters. “It’s the reason I have been spending time here. But I’m feeling very optimistic about the enthusiasm.” Kenny Payne, 62, said Harris is going to win and “it won’t be close.” The Democratic voter said he plays golf with a group of Republicans who say they won’t vote for Trump again.  “I think we’ll all be in bed by midnight,” he said outside the recreation center where Harris spoke.  Patrick Boe, 46, said he was confident about the city's enthusiasm for Harris, but he acknowledged that his view may be skewed.  “I’m in a bubble here,” Boe said.  Randyll Butler, a youth basketball coach who introduced Harris, said the election was in the “fourth quarter.” “We cannot get tired," she said. "We cannot get complacent.” The Democratic coalition relies on voters of color, and Harris’ itinerary on Sunday reflected that focus. She began the day with the Black congregation at the Church of Christian Compassion, where she said the United States is “determined to turn the page on hatred and division.” Harris drew on the story of the Apostle Paul, who overcame difficulties to spread the word of Jesus. “In hard times when we may grow weary in doing good, we must remember the power that works within us, the divine power that transformed Paul’s life, guided him through shipwreck and sustained him through trials,” Harris said. W. Lonnie Herndon, the church’s senior pastor, introduced Harris as “the voice of the future” and followed her remarks with a sermon about compassion and how “strong people never put others down, they lift them up.” “We are going to get out and vote,” he said as Harris listened from her seat in the front row. “And let me be crystal clear. We are not electing a pastor. We are electing a president that will deal with these divided United States, bring us back together.” Her next stop was Philly Cuts, a barbershop in West Philadelphia. Pennsylvania state Rep. Jordan Harris moderated a conversation with Harris and Black men about improving racial representation in education. A poster of Barack Obama, the first Black president, was on the wall. “We don’t pay teachers enough,” said Harris, who would be the second Black president and the first female president, if elected. “ Student loan debt is an issue.” Outside the shop, people stood on stoops and lined the sidewalks in hopes of catching a glimpse of Harris. “The MVP of the White House!” someone shouted.  Harris visited nearby Hakim’s Bookstore, which specializes in African American history. “It’s beautiful. It’s just so beautiful,” she said and asked to see good books for 6- and 8-year-old children, the same ages as her nieces. Harris joked about her weight with Ann Hughes, the mother of Pennsylvania state Sen. Vincent Hughes. “They’re working me to the bone,” she said. After leaving the bookstore, Harris headed to a Puerto Rican restaurant named Freddy and Tony’s, where she thanked volunteers and told them “we are going to win.” She also met with youth basketball players at the Alan Horowitz “Sixth Man” Center. The coach said the players are “student first, athlete second.” Harris told them to “think of your brain as a muscle and when you exercise it, it gets stronger.”  Harris has tried to keep the focus on abortion rights in the closing stretch of the campaign, including during appearances with Beyoncé and Michelle Obama. In an interview with CBS News that aired Sunday, Harris declined to say whether she would support any restrictions on abortion, emphasizing the need to restore Roe v. Wade. “It is that basic,” Harris said. The nationwide right to abortion was overturned two years ago by the conservative majority on the Supreme Court that included three justices nominated by Trump while president. “My first priority is to put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening around our country,” Harris said. She also brushed off Trump’s claim that he would not sign a national abortion ban if elected. “He says everything, come on,” Harris said. “Are we really taking his word for it?” Harris and Tim Walz, the Minnesota governor who is her running mate, are expected to visit all seven battleground states in the coming days, part of a final blitz before the election. While Harris was in Philadelphia on Sunday, Walz was campaigning in Las Vegas. On Monday, Walz will visit Manitowoc and Waukesha, Wisconsin, before joining Harris for a rally in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where the singer Maggie Rogers is scheduled to perform.  Harris will be in the nation's capital on Tuesday to deliver what her campaign calls her “closing argument” in a speech from the Ellipse, a grassy space near the White House. It's the same place where Trump spoke on Jan. 6, 2021, when the Republican called on his supporters to march on the Capitol. More campaign stops are scheduled in Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada and Arizona.  ___ Megerian reported from Washington. Darlene Superville, Maryclaire Dale And Chris Megerian, The Associated Press © 2024 North Shore News

